# Attributions for sample excerpts:
#   original - in the public domain, no attribution
#   UN - UN, OHCHR, or affiliate, attribute to UN
#   other - not a UN translation
#   none - not on ohchr, not a UN translation
ab-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
ace-Latn_udhr.txt: other
acu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ada-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
af-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
agr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
aii-Syrc_udhr.txt: other
ajg-Latn_udhr.txt: other
alt-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
am-Ethi_udhr.txt: other
amc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ame-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ami-Latn_udhr.txt: none
amr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ar-Arab_udhr.txt: original
arl-Latn_udhr.txt: other
arn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ast-Latn_udhr.txt: other
auc-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ay-Latn_udhr.txt: other
az-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
az-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ban-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bax-Latn_udhr.txt: none
bba-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bci-Latn_udhr.txt: other
be-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bem-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bfa-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bg-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bho-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
bi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bik-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bin-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
blt-Tavt_udhr.txt: none
bm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bn-Beng_udhr.txt: UN
bo-Tibt_udhr.txt: other
boa-Latn_udhr.txt: other
br-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bs-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
bs-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
buc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
bug-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
bum-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ca-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cab-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cak-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cbi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cbr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cbs-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cbt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cbu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ccp-Cakm_udhr.txt: none
ceb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cfm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ch-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
chj-Latn_udhr.txt: other
chk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
chr-Cher-cased_udhr.txt: none
chr-Cher-monocase_udhr.txt: none
chr-Cher_udhr.txt: none
cic-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cjk-Latn-AO_udhr.txt: other
cjk-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cjs-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
cjy-Hans_udhr.txt: none
cnh-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cni-Latn_udhr.txt: other
co-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cof-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cot-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cpu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cri-Latn_udhr.txt: other
crs-Latn_udhr.txt: other
cs-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
csa-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
csw-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
ctd-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
cy-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
da-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
dag-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ddn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
de-Latn-1901_udhr.txt: other
de-Latn-1996_udhr.txt: none
de-Latn_udhr.txt: none
dga-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
dip-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
duu-Latn_udhr.txt: none
dv-Thaa_udhr.txt: other
dyo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
dyu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
dz-Tibt_udhr.txt: UN
ee-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
el-Grek-monoton_udhr.txt: UN
el-Grek-polyton_udhr.txt: none
el-Grek_udhr.txt: UN
emk-Latn_udhr.txt: other
eml-Latn_udhr.txt: other
en-Latn_udhr.txt: original
eo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
es-Latn_udhr.txt: original
et-Latn_udhr.txt: other
eu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
eve-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
evn-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
fa-Arab-AF_udhr.txt: other
fa-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
fat-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fj-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fo-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
fon-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fr-Latn_udhr.txt: original
fur-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fuv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
fy-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ga-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gaa-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gag-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gan-Hans_udhr.txt: none
gd-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gjn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
gld-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
gn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gu-Gujr_udhr.txt: UN
guc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
guu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
gv-Latn_udhr.txt: none
gyr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn-NE_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn-NG_udhr.txt: other
ha-Latn_udhr.txt: other
hak-Hans_udhr.txt: none
haw-Latn_udhr.txt: other
he-Hebr_udhr.txt: UN
hea-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hi-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
hil-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hlt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
hms-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hna-Latn_udhr.txt: other
hni-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hnj-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hns-Latn_udhr.txt: other
hr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hsb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn-kreyol_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn-popular_udhr.txt: UN
ht-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hu-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
hus-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
huu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
hy-Armn_udhr.txt: UN
ia-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ibb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
id-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ig-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ii-Yiii_udhr.txt: UN
ilo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
io-Latn_udhr.txt: other
is-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
it-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
iu-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
ja-Jpan_udhr.txt: UN
jiv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
jv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ka-Geor_udhr.txt: other
kbd-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
kbp-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kde-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kdh-Latn_udhr.txt: none
kea-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kek-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kg-Latn-AO_udhr.txt: other
kg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kha-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kjh-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
kk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
kkh-Lana_udhr.txt: none
kl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
km-Khmr_udhr.txt: other
kmb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kmr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kn-Knda_udhr.txt: other
knc-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ko-Hang_udhr.txt: UN
koi-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
koo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kpe-Latn_udhr.txt: other
kqn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
kri-Latn_udhr.txt: other
krl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ktu-Latn_udhr.txt: none
ku-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ky-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
la-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lad-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lb-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lg-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lia-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lij-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lld-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ln-Latn_udhr.txt: none
lns-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lo-Laoo_udhr.txt: UN
lob-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lot-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
loz-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lua-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lue-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lun-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
lus-Latn_udhr.txt: other
lv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mad-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mag-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
mai-Deva_udhr.txt: none
mam-Latn_udhr.txt: other
maz-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mcd-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mcf-Latn_udhr.txt: other
men-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mh-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
mi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mic-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
min-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
miq-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
ml-Mlym_udhr.txt: UN
mn-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
mnw-Mymr_udhr.txt: none
mos-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mr-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
mt-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mto-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mxi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
mxv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
my-Mymr_udhr.txt: UN
mzi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nah-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nan-Hans_udhr.txt: none
nb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nba-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nds-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ng-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nio-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
njo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nku-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
not-Latn_udhr.txt: other
npi-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
nr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nso-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nv-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ny-Latn-chechewa_udhr.txt: other
ny-Latn-chinyan_udhr.txt: UN
ny-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nym-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
nyn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
nzi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
oc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
oj-Cans_udhr.txt: UN
oki-Latn_udhr.txt: other
om-Latn_udhr.txt: other
orh-Latn_udhr.txt: none
os-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
ote-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pa-Guru_udhr.txt: UN
pam-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pap-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pau-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pbb-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pcd-Latn_udhr.txt: other
pcm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pis-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
piu-Latn_udhr.txt: none
pl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pnb-Arab_udhr.txt: none
pon-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
pov-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ppl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
prq-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ps-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
pt-Latn-BR_udhr.txt: none
pt-Latn-PT_udhr.txt: UN
pt-Latn_udhr.txt: none
qu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
quc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qug-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
quh-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
quy-Latn_udhr.txt: other
quz-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qva-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qvc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qvh-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qvm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qvn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qwh-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qxn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
qxu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
rar-Latn_udhr.txt: other
rm-Latn-puter_udhr.txt: none
rm-Latn-rumgr_udhr.txt: other
rm-Latn-surmiran_udhr.txt: none
rm-Latn-sursilv_udhr.txt: none
rm-Latn-sutsilv_udhr.txt: none
rm-Latn-vallader_udhr.txt: none
rm-Latn_udhr.txt: none
rn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ro-Latn_udhr.txt: none
rom-Latn_udhr.txt: none
ru-Cyrl_udhr.txt: original
rup-Latn_udhr.txt: other
rw-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sa-Deva_udhr.txt: UN
sah-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
sc-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sco-Latn_udhr.txt: other
se-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sey-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sg-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
shk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
shn-Mymr_udhr.txt: UN
shp-Latn_udhr.txt: other
si-Sinh_udhr.txt: other
sk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
skr-Arab_udhr.txt: other
sl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
snk-Latn_udhr.txt: other
snn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
so-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sq-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sr-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
sr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
srr-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ss-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
st-Latn_udhr.txt: other
su-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
suk-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sus-Latn_udhr.txt: other
sv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
sw-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
swb-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ta-Taml-LK_udhr.txt: none
ta-Taml_udhr.txt: other
taj-Deva_udhr.txt: other
tbz-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tca-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tdt-Latn_udhr.txt: none
te-Telu_udhr.txt: UN
tem-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tet-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tg-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
th-Thai_udhr.txt: UN
ti-Ethi_udhr.txt: other
tiv-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
tk-Latn_udhr.txt: none
tl-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tly-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tn-Latn_udhr.txt: other
to-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tob-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
toi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
toj-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
top-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tpi-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tr-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ts-Latn-MZ_udhr.txt: other
ts-Latn-ZW_udhr.txt: none
ts-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tsz-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tt-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
tw-Latn-akuapem_udhr.txt: other
tw-Latn-asante_udhr.txt: other
tw-Latn_udhr.txt: other
ty-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tyv-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
tzh-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
tzm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
tzo-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ug-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
ug-Latn_udhr.txt: none
uk-Cyrl_udhr.txt: other
umb-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ur-Arab_udhr.txt: UN
ura-Latn_udhr.txt: other
uzn-Cyrl_udhr.txt: UN
uzn-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
vai-Vaii_udhr.txt: other
ve-Latn_udhr.txt: other
vec-Latn_udhr.txt: none
vep-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
vi-Hani_udhr.txt: none
vi-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
vmw-Latn_udhr.txt: other
wa-Latn_udhr.txt: other
war-Latn_udhr.txt: other
wo-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
wuu-Hans_udhr.txt: none
wwa-Latn_udhr.txt: other
xh-Latn_udhr.txt: other
xsm-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yad-Latn_udhr.txt: other
yao-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yap-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yi-Hebr_udhr.txt: other
yo-Latn_udhr.txt: other
yua-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
yue-Hani_udhr.txt: none
za-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
zam-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
zdj-Latn_udhr.txt: none
zgh-Tfng_udhr.txt: other
zh-Hans_udhr.txt: original
zh-Hant_udhr.txt: none
zlm-Arab_udhr.txt: none
zlm-Latn_udhr.txt: other
zro-Latn_udhr.txt: UN
ztu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
zu-Latn_udhr.txt: other
